<h1> Submission from Hambartzum Mike Gamburian, 10/26/2020</h1>
<h2> The solution to this problem has been completed in Java <h2>
<h3> The only thing needed to run my Java code is JVM, there are no dependencies in my code.</h3>
<h4> To run the code you can cd into the directory downloaded and type "java MatricesDriver" </h4>
<p> This submission has a number of files, and please allow me to explain each one. 

Let's first begin with two of the files in here, one called "GenericMatrixOperations.java" and "GenericMatrixOperationsDriver.java". The Driver file instantiates the methods in the "GenericMatrixOperations.java" file. This program is meant for the user to create their own matrices in the Driver file, and call upon the "GenericMatrixOperations.java" file to perform operations. The "GenericMatrixOperations.java" file does not store any type of matrix in the Class, and its sole purpose is to allow generic operations on numerous types of matrices without specifying a size. Literally, the user can create any size of matrices and use the operations provided. The matrices will need to be created in the Driver file and passed to the "GenericMatrixOperations.java" file for processing. 

On the contrary, the "Matrices.java" file has a matrix that it stores within, and all of the matrix operations and function calls from the driver are executed based on the matrix stored there. There are also functions that allow the user to modify the contents of the matrix here. The "MatricesDriver.java" file is a user friendly driver program to allow the user to interact with matrix operations. The Driver file lets the user call the transpose, show matrix, and multiply by scalar functions because it's easy on the user in the CLI, since there's no GUI. Although the add/subtract/multiply matrix by matrix functions are in the Matrices Class, I just didn't add the Driver code in the CLI because of the tedious work for the user to manually enter another matrix to add/subtract/multiply by in the CLI. The user running the Driver file of course can directly create another matrix in there and call the methods in the Matrices Class.</p>